pitr: support s3 object lock (#16715)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-storages.md

## Other features supported by the storage service

> Amazon [S3 Object Lock](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lock.html) can help prevent backup data from being accidentally or intentionally deleted during a specified retention period, enhancing the security and integrity of data. Starting from v6.3.0, BR supports Amazon S3 Object Lock in snapshot backups, adding an additional layer of security for full backups. Starting from v8.0.0, PITR also supports Amazon S3 Object Lock. Whether full backups or log data backups, the Object Lock feature ensures a more reliable data protection, further strengthening the security of data backup and recovery and meeting regulatory requirements.

Author: We have been the "PITR" capitalization for a long time. Ref: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/br-pitr-guide, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Point-in-time_recovery

> Amazon [S3 Object Lock](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lock.html) can help prevent backup data from being accidentally or intentionally deleted during a specified retention period, enhancing the security and integrity of data. Starting from v6.3.0, BR supports Amazon S3 Object Lock in snapshot backups, adding an additional layer of security for full backups. Starting from v8.0.0, PITR also supports Amazon S3 Object Lock. Whether full backups or log data backups, the Object Lock feature ensures a more reliable data protection, further strengthening the security of data backup and recovery and meeting regulatory requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon [S3 Object Lock](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lock.html) can help prevent backup data from accidental or intentional deletion during a specified retention period, enhancing the security and integrity of data. Starting from v6.3.0, BR supports Amazon S3 Object Lock for snapshot backups, adding an additional layer of security for full backups. Starting from v8.0.0, PITR also supports Amazon S3 Object Lock. Whether for full backups or log data backups, the Object Lock feature ensures more reliable data protection, further strengthening the security of data backup and recovery and meeting regulatory requirements.
```

> BR and PITR automatically detect whether the Amazon S3 Object Lock feature is enabled or disabled. You do not need to make any additional changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BR and PITR automatically detect whether the Amazon S3 Object Lock feature is enabled or disabled. You do not need to perform any additional operations.
```

Reviewer: The newly added warning in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/16739/files  is missing here.

Author: > The newly added warning in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/16739/files is missing here.

Yes, I'll add the warning soon.

> BR and PITR automatically detect whether the Amazon S3 Object Lock feature is enabled or disabled. You do not need to perform any additional operations.

Author: ```suggestion
BR and PITR automatically detect whether the Amazon S3 Object Lock feature is enabled or disabled. You do not need to perform any additional operations.

> **Warning:**
>
> If the Object Lock feature is enabled during the snapshot backup or PITR log backup process, the snapshot backup or log backup might fail. You need to restart the snapshot backup or PITR log backup task to continue the backup.
```
